Notes on using the Fly Protocol Designer software so far:


START-UP

Before running - Open the G4_Protocol_Designer_Settings.m file and check the path to your panel configuration file. If this path is incorrect, you'll get an error.
To run, open the script.m file and run in matlab. This and the settings file should be the only ones you have to open. 
	- Note: If you get an error regarding "findjobj" when you run the script file, check to make sure findjobj, a folder 
	inside the project folder with everything else, is on your matlab path. Let me know if this happens, because it shouldn't.

ENTERING DATA AND CREATING AN EXPERIMENT:

Entering Data:

- Please make sure to select the appropriate screen size BEFORE importing. If you import a folder of
pattern files which do not match the selected screen size, you will get an error. Once a folder has been
imported, the screen size option will become uneditable, meaning if you need to change screen size, you will
need to exit the application and restart it.

- Right now, if you have already opened another .g4p file or autopopulated an imported folder, you cannot open another .g4p file. You have to restart the 
application to open a new experiment. You can import additional files then add them manually to the tables.  
 
- If you erase the "Mode" cell of a trial, it will clear the entire trial and treat it as though it 
does not exist (if for example you don't have a pre or post trial in this particular experiment).

- Cells 2-7 (Pattern Name, Position Function, AO 1-4) take a filename, minus the extension, as a string. To make this easier, 
once you have imported, clicking one of these cells while empty will provide you a list of imported files to choose from.

	- Note that if you use the "Set To" method in the File menu to fill out the values of a trial, 
	you will not have a list of files to choose from. When using "Set To" it may be easiest to fill out all numbers,
	leaving filenames blank, and then add the filenames after you have finished with the "Set To" window by clicking the empty cells. 

- If you check a trial in the main block and then hit "Add Trial," the trial added to the bottom will be a copy of the selected trial. If
no trial is selected, then a copy of the last trial in the block will be added. 

- If you note that the "Select all" checkbox stays selected even after you have unchecked some items, don't worry. It is a bug
to be fixed but will not affect functionality.

- Selecting a cell with a Pattern name will immediately display a preview of that pattern library in the preview panel. You can move
forward and backward through the library one frame at a time, or hit play which will play through the library in sequential order. 
Position functions are simply graphed, and a red vertical line marks the duration you currently have set for that trial. If the red vertical
line does not line up with the end of the position graph, note that your graph's x-axis time and the duration you have entered do not match. 
AO functions are displayed as static graphs. 

- To view a cohesive preview of a selected trial, hit the "Preview" button toward the bottom right. 

- When you change the mode of a trial, fields that are changeable in this mode will fill with default values, and those that are not
used in this mode will clear out. You should get an error if you try to edit a field that's not appropriate for the mode.

- Note that I have NOT yet included error checking which will tell you if you enter a value outside of the bounds for that
parameter. (I.e. if you enter 0 for frame rate or something) So double check your values! This feature will be forthcoming.

- If you autopopulate and note that it left some position functions blank, this means they did not match dimensions with
their associated pattern functions. They are still imported. Similarly, if some Pattern cells are left blank, it means 
that pattern did not match the screen size. 

SAVING:

- Please make sure you change the experiment name before saving. If it is the first time you have saved this experiment, use
"Save As" under the file menu. Similarly, use "Save as" if you have previously saved this experiment, but want to save it again under a new name.

- Opening a previously saved .g4p file will automatically import the Experiment folder in which it is located. You may use "Save" to replace the 
.g4p file and its Experiment folder with the updated file and a new export using the updated information. Remember that using "Save" will ALWAYS
update the current file rather than creating a new one. 

- When you use "Save as" the program will automatically put a time stamp on the end of your experiment name and save it under that name. 
In the save dialog box, you can erase this time stamp, but be careful of accidentally saving over something else if you do!

NOTES ON RUNNING AN EXPERIMENT

- The dry run button will display the currently checked trial. It does not activate any AO channels. 

- The "Run Trials" button opens up a smaller GUI with a large "Run" button among other things. Please make sure you enter
a fly name before hitting Run. For right now, the "Experiment Type" drop down box and associated button does not do anything. 

- If for some reason an experiment or dry run gets interrupted in the middle, you may have to COMPLETELY exit and restart the 
Panel com software as well as the GUI. If you don't, the Panel com might not receive further commands correctly and the screens can 
start doing weird things. Still working to understand and fix this. If this happens though, you don't have to recreate the experiment, 
you can just open the .g4p file from wherever you saved it.

- Right now, the experiment runs in this order:

pre-trial
inter-trial
trial-1
inter-trial
trial-2
inter-trial
...
trial-n
post-trial

I will be updating this so the inter-trial does not occur before the first block trial or after the last.

Each should run for the duration specified in the trial. If something is not
behaving as you would expect, please let me know so I can adjust this.  

- Please note that the progress bar shows Rep # of Reps and Trial # of Trials. This includes the inter-trial, Ie 
Trial 3 of 5 means it is currently playing intertrial number 3 then trial number 3. The progress bar updates before
the intertrial starts, so it changes to Trial 3 of 5 right before starting the third inter-trial followed by the third block trial.
I can make this more specific later. 

